added new section for  Configuring how many processes can be launched… (#1970)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_tuning-apache-httpd-child-processes.adoc

[id="tuning_apache_httpd_child_processes_{context}"]
= Tuning Apache httpd child processes

By default, HTTPD uses event request handling mechanism.
When the number of requests to httpd exceeds the maximum number of child processes that can be launched to handle the incoming connections, httpd raises an HTTP 503 Service Unavailable error.

> Amidst httpd running out of processes to handle, the incoming connections can also result in multiple component failures on your {Project} services side due to the dependency of components like Pulp on the availability of httpd processes.

Reviewer: Pulp is Katello-only. I'm wondering if it can be rewritten in a way that is generic, or if we should just hide the sentence in non-Katello builds.

Author: Yes, I do agree on this point. Change has been done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amidst httpd running out of processes to handle, the incoming connections can also result in multiple component failures on your {Project} services side due to the dependency of some components on the availability of httpd processes.
```
@Imaanpreet We can go with this wording if there are any non-Katello components that depend on it. Otherwise, we would have to render this whole module only for products that contain Katello.

Reviewer 2: Oh, I didn't notice that we already render it only for katello,satellite,orcharhino. So we can actually resolve this thread.

Author: okay @Lennonka : let's resolve this.

You can adapt the configuration of HTTPD event to handle more concurrent requests based on your expected peak load.

.Procedure
. Modify the number of concurrent requests in '/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml' by changing or adding the following lines:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
apache::mod::event::serverlimit: 64
apache::mod::event::maxrequestworkers: 1024
apache::mod::event::maxrequestsperchild: 4000
----
. Apply your changes to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Applying_configurations_{context}[].

The example is identical to running `{foreman-installer} --tuning=medium` on {ProjectServer}.

> [WARNING]

Reviewer: This warning should be above the procedure IMHO. Readers should be aware that they're making their installation essentially unsupported before they start, not after.

Another caveat is that tuning is Katello-only, so it should be hidden behind `ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]`.

Author: Yes, I do agree on this point. Change has been done.

[id="tuning_apache_httpd_child_processes_{context}"]
= Tuning Apache httpd child processes

By default, HTTPD uses event request handling mechanism.
When the number of requests to httpd exceeds the maximum number of child processes that can be launched to handle the incoming connections, httpd raises an HTTP 503 Service Unavailable error.
Amidst httpd running out of processes to handle, the incoming connections can also result in multiple component failures on your {Project} services side due to the dependency of components like Pulp on the availability of httpd processes.

You can adapt the configuration of HTTPD event to handle more concurrent requests based on your expected peak load.

[WARNING]
====

> Configuring these numbers in custom-hiera.yaml will effectively lock them, so if {Product} installer decides to change these numbers in the future by --tuning=* parameter, the possible change will be overwritten by this custom-hiera.yaml setting. Please use your numbers only if you have specific need for it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configuring these numbers in `custom-hiera.yaml` locks them.
If you change these numbers using `{foreman-installer} --tuning=_My_Tuning_Option_`, your `custom-hiera.yaml ` will overwrite this setting.
Set your numbers only if you have specific need for it.
```

[id="tuning_apache_httpd_child_processes_{context}"]
= Tuning Apache httpd child processes

> By default, HTTPD uses event request handling mechanism.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, httpd uses event request handling mechanism.
```

When the number of requests to httpd exceeds the maximum number of child processes that can be launched to handle the incoming connections, httpd raises an HTTP 503 Service Unavailable error.
Amidst httpd running out of processes to handle, the incoming connections can also result in multiple component failures on your {Project} services side due to the dependency of components like Pulp on the availability of httpd processes.

You can adapt the configuration of HTTPD event to handle more concurrent requests based on your expected peak load.

[WARNING]
====
Configuring these numbers in `custom-hiera.yaml` locks them.

> If you change these numbers using `{foreman-installer} --tuning=_My_Tuning_Option_`, your `custom-hiera.yaml ` will overwrite this setting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you change these numbers using `{foreman-installer} --tuning=_My_Tuning_Option_`, your `custom-hiera.yaml` will overwrite this setting.
```

Amidst httpd running out of processes to handle, the incoming connections can also result in multiple component failures on your {Project} services side due to the dependency of some components on the availability of httpd processes.

You can adapt the configuration of httpd event to handle more concurrent requests based on your expected peak load.

[WARNING]
====
Configuring these numbers in `custom-hiera.yaml` locks them.
If you change these numbers using `{foreman-installer} --tuning=_My_Tuning_Option_`, your `custom-hiera.yaml` will overwrite this setting.
Set your numbers only if you have specific need for it.
====

.Procedure
. Modify the number of concurrent requests in '/etc/foreman-installer/custom-hiera.yaml' by changing or adding the following lines:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
apache::mod::event::serverlimit: 64
apache::mod::event::maxrequestworkers: 1024
apache::mod::event::maxrequestsperchild: 4000
----
+
The example is identical to running `{foreman-installer} --tuning=medium` or higher on {ProjectServer}.
. Apply your changes to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Applying_configurations_{context}[].

> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: @Imaanpreet Just this one small improvement and we're ready to merge. Thank you!

Author: thank you guys @maximiliankolb and @Lennonka !
